I am utterly disarmed by your wit.
I like your sleeves. They're real big.
You could be drinking whole milk if you wanted to.
You're so beautiful, you make me walk into things when I look at you.
You are as fun as a hot tub full of chocolate pudding.
I usually don't say this on a first date, but will you marry me?
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
I wish I could move your furniture.
You complete me.
The only difference between exceptional and amazing is you.
Your eyebrows really make your pretty eyes stand out.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
I love you more than bacon!
I would share my fruit Gushers with you.
You're more aesthetically pleasant to look at than that one green color on this website.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
Your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean.
You make babies smile.
You make the gloomy days a little less gloomy.
You are warmer than a Snuggie.
You make me feel like I am on top of the world.
Playing video games with you would be fun.
I would do your taxes any day.
You are the star of my daydreams.
If you really wanted to, you could probably get a bird to land on your shoulder and hang out with you.
You and Chuck Norris are on equal levels.
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough for you.
That looks nice on you.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
I wish I could choose your handwriting as a font.
You definitely know the difference between your and you're.
I named all my appliances after you.
I like those shoes more than mine.
Your mouse told me that you have very soft hands.
I like the way you move.
I'd let you steal the white part of my Oreo.
Perfume strives to smell like you.
I like the way your nostrils are placed on your nose.
I would hold the elevator doors open for you if they were closing.
Your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe.
You make me want to frolic in a field.
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease.
I wish I was your mirror.
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration.
You have perfect bone structure.
I disagree with anyone who disagrees with you.
Have you been working out?
With your creative wit, I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me.
I like your socks.
You are so charming.
What a fine sweater!
Your smile is breath taking.
How do you get your hair to look that great?
You are quite strapping.
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence.
Say, aren't you that famous model from TV?
Take a break; you've earned it.
Your life is so interesting!
The sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my back.
I enjoy spending time with you.
I would share my dessert with you.
May I have this dance?
I would love to visit you, but I live on the Internet.
You're invited to my birthday party.
All of your ideas are brilliant!
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
You're spontaneous, and I love it!
I like your style.
I would enjoy a roadtrip with you.
If I had to choose between you or Mr. Rogers, it would be you.
I like you more than the smell of Grandma's home-made apple pies.
You would look good in glasses OR contacts.
You could go longer without a shower than most people.
Your T-shirt smells fresh.
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me.
Will you sign my yearbook?
We should start a band.
You're cooler than ice-skating Fonzi.
I heard you make really good French Toast.
You're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined.
I like your pants.
You're pretty groovy, dude.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
I can tell that we are gonna be friends.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious.
You're pretty high on my list of people with whom I would want to be stranded on an island.
You are well groomed.
You could probably lead a rebellion.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
<3
Your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's.
Hanging out with you is more fun than playing with a coloring menu at a restaurant. And sometimes those menus have a maze
Sometimes my brain shuts off, where I sort of just zone out for a while. And it's nice to know that when I snap out of it, I can turn to you and be like, "I think we should buy a lion," and you'll give it some serious consideration
You're the kind of friend that I can pass a dance move to, because I know you'll keep it going, and that's important
You know when you wake up on a cold morning and you're like, "OH hell no. I am not ready for this." That's how I feel when you say goodbye
You're so cute, I want to throw a rainbow at you.
If I'm Superman, you're the opposite of kryptonite. Which, I guess, is like a pillow? Or maybe two pillows? I don't know. You know what? Never mind. If I'm Superman, you're Superman's best friend
I could lay next to you forever. Or until we decide to go eat
You smell like the inside of my grandma's purse.
If I was blowing a really big bubble, and you popped it, I wouldn't even get upset because that's just your way of flirting. And I'm cool with that
When I see you, my heartbeat turns into dubstep. It's like "BWAHH BUM-BUM-BUM WUH-WUH WAHHHHHHH!" And then I think I'm a robot
If you suddenly turned into the Hulk, I would want to be your pants. That was, we would always be together
You give me caterpillars. Which, as we all know, will eventually turn into butterflies. And that's just because I don't know you that well, yet.
Serial killers are scary. With their killing, all serially and whatnot. But you know what else is scary? Losing you. So I'd really appreciate it if you didn't become a serial killer. Because then I'd lose you AND be super scared. And that's not fun for me
I want to be with you as much as, if not more, than I don't want to be with a Furby at night
I want to run away with you. Actually, that's not true. I want to walk away with you. Running sucks
You're more fun that a rope swing on the elbow of a dinosaur. And I know what you're thinking, "That doesn't sound fun at all..... In fact, that sounds quite dangerous." Yeah, well, the last time I checked you weren't a dinosaur safety technician, so why don't you back off and find us a rope swing, fun friend.
You remind me of a baby polar bear sliding down a rainbow into a pot of gold, with a unicorn
You're so hot, M&M's melt in your hand. And so does a frozen brick of cheese
You have very smooth hair.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious.
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'.
Nice motor control!
Nice butt! - According to your toilet seat